All right perfect.
So now that we have the mark right here all right we formed or done or log in page let's go and create
some of the functionality that is going to receive that data would oppose super global.
All right.
So first of all let me just change this class here real quick call this as am I right.
Perfect.
That's just going to make is bigger here.
That way we can concentrate on that right.
So you know these are just Cenci class and it just makes it bigger.
If you wanted you can just leave the s s which means extra small.
This is small and we can do medium too.
All right.
But I just went like this the way I can write whatever I want there.
So it spans the whole window.
But anyway.
So let's go on top of this page where we are going to be doing is receiving the information right here
on top.
I'm just going to do everything in one page.
All right.
So what are we going to do here.
We are going to be receiving some of this information and we already did some of this before when we
created the form we're talking about the post-Super global.
So for this we need to receive that data from the form and we're going to use the Eset function.
And we are going to be checking for posts pro-global and with a value of submit.
They were sent in from the submit button and we are going to do something when we see it.
So let's just try to see if we get the information first right.
Yes we got the information we got it.
That would be this list was submitted and we are not getting it.
All right.
That's why it was always good to check it.
So I made a mistake here somewhere and we need to find out where it is.
So let's go here.
As a matter of fact I think I know where it is but let's just double check it here and see what's going
on.
All right.
So
we have here types may we have even the name for the input that we had the value submit but when we
come here we can't find the information anyway.
It's like the form is not sending it so can you see what's going on.
Can you check that out.
Can you spot the problem.
All right.
Just want to pause a video and check.
You can check it out and you saw the problem Manger's a misspelling of a word anyway is the misspelling
of this word here.
It's called method and you probably already saw that when I was doing it I was kind of rushing through
it.
And this is refresh it click submit and now we got the information.
All right.
This happens when you are typing fast and you have it and you have first.
So now that we know that we are receiving the data well what do we want to do with the data.
Well we know that we are receiving all these data.
We're not just receiving the summit name right here.
We are receiving the password and we are receiving the username.
Let's make this a little bigger again right there.
So let's go ahead and received over here.
So I'm losing my voice again sorry guys.
So we're going to receive that here.
We're going to receive this here.
I want to show you right now where I'm going to do.
We are going to receive the user name in the same way we received submit.
We are going to receive the password.
Right.
And we can assign a variable.
So that's a sign it is a name variable
and right there.
Right.
And let's just echo this thing out to see if that's just echo everything out right there.
Can I go right here.
Find user name.
See those working.
Let's go for a password.
And you should be usually right.
That's correct.
Where you should be doing is copying and pasting it right here so that way you don't make mistakes.
All right.
I just like making mistakes the more mistakes I get I make the better I get.
And just click submit and I made another mistake here somewhere.
Right.
So we just got a check here.
What's going on.
Right.
So we click submit.
We're supposed to be putting all these values here.
All right so we're supposed to be pulling the user name is supposed to be pulling the values out of
here.
So we type here type here.
There we go now.
Right.
Because what it is is that if you don't if you don't put the values you were not going to get it.
Remember that while we are getting here this name here why are we getting it.
This is an import.
This name here means that is the value that you get to typing here.
Not just when you click submit.
We don't we haven't set the value yet so we don't know the value when we types of meds.
For example say Edwyn and Superman is my password.
Click Enter then you get that here.
So this is working.
We are receiving some information from the form.
All right.
And we got it up here.
Next we're going to be doing some connection with the database.
All right so thank you for watching this lecture and I see you and that's one